Practice Questions
1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
      Functions redue the needs to duplicate or repeate code, which makes the code shorter and easier to read and update.
2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is
defined or when the function is called?
    The code executes hen the function is called, not defined.
3. What statement creates a function?
    The def statement Defines, creates a function.
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
   A function is the def statement and the code in its def clause. 
    A function call moves the program execution into the function, and the call evaluates to the return value.
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many
local scopes?
    There is one global scope in a python program. A local scope is created when a function is called.
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
    when the function is call returns, the local scope is destroyed and all varriables are forgotten.
7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
    A function call evaluates to a return value. Yes a return value can be part of an expression.
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value
of a call to that function?
    There is no value if the function does not have a return statement.
9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
    You can force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable by creating a global statement.
10. What is the data type of None?
    NoneType
11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
    It imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic
12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how
would you call it after importing spam?
    The function would be called spam.bacon()
13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
    You can prevent this by placing the line of code in a try clause.
14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause
    The code that could cause an error goes into the try clause.
    The except clause is the the code that executes if there is an error.
